;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/memory.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:19: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000b: memory count must be 0 or 1
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:20: assert_invalid passed:
  error: only one memory allowed
  error: @0x00000023: on_memory callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:29: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000b: data section without memory section
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:30: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000b: data section without memory section
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:31: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000b: data section without memory section
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:34: assert_invalid passed:
  error: f32.load requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x0000001c: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:38: assert_invalid passed:
  error: f32.store requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x00000021: on_store_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:42: assert_invalid passed:
  error: i32.load8_s requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x0000001c: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:46: assert_invalid passed:
  error: i32.store8 requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x0000001e: on_store_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:50: assert_invalid passed:
  error: current_memory requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x00000019: on_current_memory_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:54: assert_invalid passed:
  error: grow_memory requires an imported or defined memory.
  error: @0x0000001b: on_grow_memory_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:59: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in data segment, expected i32 but got i64
  error: @0x00000015: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:63: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000014: expected END opcode after initializer expression
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:67: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000012: unexpected opcode in initializer expression: 1 (0x1)
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:77: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [0, 1) >= max value 0
  error: @0x00000017: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:81: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [0, 1) >= max value 0
  error: @0x00000017: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:85: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [4294967295, 4294967296) >= max value 65536
  error: @0x00000017: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:89: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [4294966296, 4294966297) >= max value 65536
  error: @0x00000018: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:93: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [98304, 98305) >= max value 65536
  error: @0x0000001f: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:97: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [1, 1) >= max value 0
  error: @0x00000016: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:101: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [73728, 73728) >= max value 65536
  error: @0x00000017: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:105: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [4294967295, 4294967295) >= max value 65536
  error: @0x00000016: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:114: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: duplicate export "global"
  error: data segment is out of bounds: [666, 667) >= max value 0
  error: @0x0000002c: on_data_segment_data callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:131: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000e: memory initial size must be <= max size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:135: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x0000000f: invalid memory initial size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:139: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000011: invalid memory initial size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:143: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000011: invalid memory initial size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:147: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000010: invalid memory max size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:151: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000012: invalid memory max size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:155: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000012: invalid memory max size
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:166: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (8)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:170: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (8)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:174: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (4)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:178: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (2)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:182: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (1)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:186: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (1)
  error: @0x00000023: on_store_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:190: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (2)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:194: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (1)
  error: @0x00000021: on_load_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/memory.wast:198: assert_invalid passed:
  error: alignment must not be larger than natural alignment (1)
  error: @0x00000023: on_store_expr callback failed
66/66 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
