;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/proposals/multi-memory/data.wast
;;; ARGS*: --enable-multi-memory
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:294: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 0 (max 0)
  000000c: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:302: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 1 (max 1)
  0000012: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:315: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 0 (max 0)
  000000c: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:326: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 1 (max 0)
  000000d: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:338: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 1 (max 1)
  0000012: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:360: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: memory variable out of range: 1 (max 0)
  000000d: error: BeginDataSegment callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:379: assert_invalid passed:
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.45.wasm:0000014: error: type mismatch at data segment offset. got i64, expected i32
  0000014: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:387: assert_invalid passed:
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.46.wasm:0000014: error: invalid data segment offset, must be a constant expression; either iXX.const or global.get.
  0000014: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:395: assert_invalid passed:
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.47.wasm:0000012: error: invalid data segment offset, must be a constant expression; either iXX.const or global.get.
  0000012: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:403: assert_invalid passed:
  error: expected END opcode after initializer expression
  0000015: error: OnI32ConstExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:411: assert_invalid passed:
  error: expected END opcode after initializer expression
  000002b: error: OnGlobalGetExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:420: assert_invalid passed:
  error: expected END opcode after initializer expression
  000002b: error: OnI32ConstExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:429: assert_invalid passed:
  error: Unepxected opcode in init expr
  0000014: error: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:437: assert_invalid passed:
  error: Unepxected opcode in init expr
  0000012: error: OnNopExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:445: assert_invalid passed:
  error: Unepxected opcode in init expr
  0000012: error: OnNopExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:453: assert_invalid passed:
  error: Unepxected opcode in init expr
  0000014: error: OnNopExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:467: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: global variable out of range: 0 (max 0)
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.55.wasm:0000014: error: initializer expression cannot reference a mutable global
  0000014: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:475: assert_invalid passed:
  0000000: error: global variable out of range: 1 (max 1)
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.56.wasm:000002a: error: initializer expression cannot reference a mutable global
  000002a: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/multi-memory/data.wast:484: assert_invalid passed:
  out/test/spec/multi-memory/data/data.57.wasm:000002e: error: initializer expression cannot reference a mutable global
  000002e: error: EndDataSegmentInitExpr callback failed
33/33 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
